1. Can we create object of an Interface - No
   Why: interface has unimplemented methods and if object creation was allowed through object,
        we would be able to call unimplemented methods and JVM will say, what to do with
        unimplemented methods

2. Can we have constructors inside of an Interface - No
   Why: 1) Constructors are used to initialize(assign value) to variables but in case of interface
           variable are final by default and being final we have to assign them the value, the
           moment they are created, so they are no longer dependent on constructors to get their value;
        2) Constructors are called automatically the moment we create object but in case of interface
           object creation is not possible so there is no way constructor of an interface if creation is allowed
           can be  called.

3. Can we create object of abstract class - No
   Why: abstract class has some unimplemented methods along with implemented methods
        and if object creation was allowed through object, we would be able to call
        unimplemented methods and JVM will say, what to do with unimplemented methods

4. Can we create Constructor inside of an Abstract class - Yes
   Constructors are used to initialize(assign value) to variables and here we will need constructors to
   assign values to these variables

5. Can abstract methods be static - No
   Why: Because static methods cannot be overridden whereas abstract methods are meant to be overridden

6. Can abstract methods be private - No
   Why: Because abstract methods are meant to be inherited in order to be implemented, making them private
        stops their inheritance

7. Can we override Variables = No
8. Can interface/abstract class abstract methods be final - No
   Why: Because interface/abstract class abstract methods are meant to be overridden and making them final
         prohibits them from being overridden

9.An interface can have concrete methods, provided that
  i)  its static
  ii) it has access modifier as default

10. Unlike static method/s of class or abstract class[which can be inherited], static method/s of an interface
    cannot be inherited


